content/drafts/ideas.md, before:

# List of Ideas

- Why I started Skeptical Labs
- Set up for a single person LLC (have a backup bank account)
- Post mortem on Skeptical Consulting
- High of working for Operation Warpspeed and low of the aftermath
- Power users are opinionated users - You should have an opinion about how work gets done


Business scenarios
- Why it was a good decision to leave the free trial payment plan in place at Phin. Bottlenecks, letting experiments run. 
- Overhiring - Controlant and Phin
- Have you considered fraud? - It's common to be lied to and explains a lot of problems at work, underrated in most frameworks
- Just use Kanban
- Your timeline shouldn't be longer than your runway
- PPP loan saved my business
- Graceful exit - Everyone is looking for a graceful exit
- Leave money on the table


Side Hustles
- Working with expert networks (prosapient, office hours, etc.)

Finance
- Secure the floor, raise the ceiling
- Don't risk what you need for what you want (wants vs needs) - Don't take risks with stable income
- Use a brokerage account as your checking account - Personal finance setup
- Investment policy statement
- Blockfi fiasco with stablecoins, trusting a 3rd parth
- Abraham Trust fiasco: investment, employment
- What it was like sueing AT and the disappointing aftermath
- Worst financial decisions I've made

Tech
- Trying to get closer to baremetal
- Trying to use more open source and self-hosted tools
- Privacy

Product Reviews
- Why I love Replit and why I'm using it less (trying to get a better understanding of how to code)
- Why I love Anrok and why it's my favorite design for a B2B product
- Why Chargebee is the worst product I have ever used
- Why I love Notion but I am using it less
- Using Omakub
- Applying for unemployment in VA

Commit message:

Blog post 4, Runway vs. time.

content/drafts/ideas.md, after:

# List of Ideas

- Why I started Skeptical Labs
- Set up for a single person LLC (have a backup bank account)
- Post mortem on Skeptical Consulting
- High of working for Operation Warpspeed and low of the aftermath
- Power users are opinionated users - You should have an opinion about how work gets done


Business scenarios
- Why it was a good decision to leave the free trial payment plan in place at Phin. Bottlenecks, letting experiments run. 
- Overhiring - Controlant and Phin, permanent solution to temporary problem
- Have you considered fraud? - It's common to be lied to and explains a lot of problems at work, underrated in most frameworks
- Just use Kanban
- Your timeline shouldn't be longer than your runway
- PPP loan saved my business
- Graceful exit - Everyone is looking for a graceful exit
- Leave money on the table
- Stewardship vs. ownership
- If you take the money, you take the expectations too
- Most of success is saying no (free up time for good work)
- Theoretically, we're all billionares: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzAdXyPYKQo
- Lead time and lag indicators (example, why are you hiring for someone who won't affect the business until next year?)
- Young people shouldn't work at startups (don't make it your first job, startups reward experience and ability)
- Pair risk with attention, barbell, safety in mainstream (you should take fewer risks by default and pair your risk with your attention. If it matters, it matters)


Side Hustles
- Working with expert networks (prosapient, office hours, etc.)

Finance
- Secure the floor, raise the ceiling
- Don't risk what you need for what you want (wants vs needs) - Don't take risks with stable income
- Use a brokerage account as your checking account - Personal finance setup
- Investment policy statement
- Blockfi fiasco with stablecoins, trusting a 3rd parth
- Abraham Trust fiasco: investment, employment
- What it was like sueing AT and the disappointing aftermath
- Worst financial decisions I've made

Tech
- Trying to get closer to baremetal
- Trying to use more open source and self-hosted tools
- Privacy

Product Reviews
- Why I love Replit and why I'm using it less (trying to get a better understanding of how to code)
- Why I love Anrok and why it's my favorite design for a B2B product
- Why Chargebee is the worst product I have ever used
- Why I love Notion but I am using it less
- Using Omakub
- Applying for unemployment in VA
