content/pages/about.md, before:

Title: About

Hi! I'm Will! This is my personal website. There are many like it, but this one is mine.

I've worked across various environments, from running my own solo LLC (Skeptical Consulting) to contributing at VC-backed startups (Phin Security, Commonwealth Joe), to government contracting. My background spans physical products (Controlant, Commonwealth Joe), software (Controlant, Phin Security), and services (AE Strategies, Accenture Federal Services). I have held roles including CEO, Head of Finance, Head of HR, product manager, and project manager, among others. I led Skeptical Consulting LLC as CEO until its sale in June 2021. I have worked as a federal contractor with agencies including the DOJ, DOE, and HHS, where I played a key role in the tracking and safety of the Pfizer COVID-19 in the US for [Operation Warp Speed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Warp_Speed).

I want to work on the most interesting problems, with the best people, all the time. 

In my free time, I play ultimate frisbee, flyfish, and play Dungeons & Dragons with my friends.

I built this website using [Pelican](https://getpelican.com/) using [python](https://www.python.org/) and hosted on [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site). Here is the [github repo](https://github.com/willhea/willhea.github.io).

Commit message:

First draft of how I built this site.

content/pages/about.md, after:

Title: About

Hi! I'm Will! This is my personal website. There are many like it, but this one is mine.

I've worked across various environments, from running my own solo LLC (Skeptical Consulting) to contributing at VC-backed startups (Phin Security, Commonwealth Joe), to government contracting. My background spans physical products (Controlant, Commonwealth Joe), software (Controlant, Phin Security), and services (AE Strategies, Accenture Federal Services). I have held roles including CEO, Head of Finance, Head of HR, product manager, and project manager, among others. I led Skeptical Consulting LLC as CEO until its sale in June 2021. I have worked as a federal contractor with agencies including the DOJ, DOE, and HHS, where I played a key role in the tracking and safety of the Pfizer COVID-19 in the US for [Operation Warp Speed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Warp_Speed).

I want to work on the most interesting problems, with the best people, all the time. 

In my free time, I play ultimate frisbee, flyfish, and play Dungeons & Dragons with my friends.

I don't earn a commission or referral from services or tools I recommend on this site. If I recommend them, it's because I like them and use them.

I built this website using [Pelican](https://getpelican.com/) using [python](https://www.python.org/) and hosted on [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site). Here is the [github repo](https://github.com/willhea/willhea.github.io).
